Gamess....Alright we still on call of duty?
Can we go off of call of duty? How do you guys feel about roblox?
What's- . How do you guys feel about Roblox?
Yes. What do you guys play on that? Like before?
Adopt me? Adop-  Wait, did you play ,adopt me?
Haha. It's just one of those generic games. It's one of those generic -
What about you love?
(***),Don't -don't touch that.
so (***). Just say-just say the name of the game and explain it.
you
The children yearn for the moss.
Was it limited time? So it was limited time.
Oh... oh I had it in event .Okay.
(***), you see?
walk to (***)
Oh, they are. I like Michael Zombies. That one's fun.
so Michael zombies is one where you spawn like it guess like it's usually like Micheal
(***)It was like a Cracker Barrel restaurant, but then there's zombies.
And then basically you get power-ups from like feed like vending machines.
Yes, but it's - this one's kind of silly. It's like pretty silly.
It has a cat. . Michael's cat.Yeah.
I used to be so good at tower of (***).
I used to be so good at it, and they added too many new stages that I fell off.
I can't really-i can't really ,Too many new stages.
New levels, yeah. And then I forgot.
I'm so good at-.uh uh . My high score in run four is like 17 minutes.
What,The arrow key?
Did you check your settings?
It's run for it. It's like, that takes like .
Wait.I love run for it. I play it when I'm like, like you know
Wait you know like the subway surfers like backgrounds
like that's my type of thing like whenever i need to zone out ,i just play it
No. I mean I did, but I wasn't that-
Did you like Cut the Rope? Cut the Rope, the little green alien?
A little bit.
Five nights (***)JETPACK JOYRIDE !!!. I was so bad at it.Yeah
What about five (***)?
Me neither.I haven't really touched (**) like that.
That so real. Wait, what?
No,What is that?
You know break into? It's like- it's like one of the little story game
It's a really like, stereotypical
(***) roblox story.Yeah.
It's called break into it's really
It was really poppy for the first time, so for me, I just play it whenever I feel nostalgic.
But it's really silly. It's like like you're in a house with all the other players.
like it's like move-in day , and then it's kind of like a version of the purge
I like this group of, like, basically gangsters. They just come and terrorize you.
Except that Purge lasts multiple days.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I know right?
oh i've heard of that one
(***).Yeah.Wait,did you guys -
It takes a long time. It takes a long time.  Do you guys have Flickr?
You ever- it's basically like ,So it's it's basically just like werewolf so you're assigned a role
That's true. So there's good side and bad side. And then you're side or wrong. So like for the good side, there's like
Which is like you can protect it to us for one night
Yeah it's like (***)
Hahaha..Mafia are werewolves and then...
But instead of only like the two or one of
to like bad people. There's actually multiple roles for the villain side, so there's like
One.
(***) more complex. And then you talk in between.
and then each night stuff happens, stuff like that. It's actually really fun.
No, I haven't played that.It's (***)
Guys, have you played Sky Children of the Light?
Sky, Children of the Light. It's so cuuuute!
I had like a one month...
I had a one month phase where I- did it like there was no tomorrow.